BATCH 4 (clips 31-40) — generate next turn with voice-00, file paths as listed.
Order matches the player's greedy segment order exactly.

[1] audio/v-157.mp3
Rule 157. Prohibition of splitting of demand. A demand for goods should not be divided into small quantities to make piecemeal purchases to avoid the necessity of obtaining the sanction of higher authority required with reference to the estimated value of the total demand. Anti-splitting rule. Total demand ki estimated value dekh kar higher authority ki sanction leni padegi — demand ko chhote hisson mein baant kar bachna allowed nahi.

[2] audio/v-158.mp3
Rule 158. Purchase of goods by obtaining bids. Except in cases covered under Rule 154 and 155, Ministries or Departments shall procure goods under the powers referred to in Rule 140 above by following the standard method of obtaining bids in: (i) Advertised Tender Enquiry (ii) Limited Tender Enquiry (iii) Two-Stage Bidding (iv) Single Tender Enquiry (v) Electronic Reverse Auctions. Rule 154/155 ke cases ko chhod kar, baaki sab procurement in paanch standard methods se hogi. 158(i). Advertised Tender Enquiry Rule 161 158(ii). Limited Tender Enquiry Rule 162 158(iii). Two-Stage Bidding Rule 164 158(iv). Single Tender Enquiry Rule 166 158(v). Electronic Reverse Auctions Rule 167 Exception. Procurements covered by Rule 154 (without quotation) and Rule 155 (purchase committee) are outside Rule 158.

[3] audio/v-159.mp3
Rule 159. E-Publishing. It is mandatory for all Ministries/Departments of the Central Government, their attached and Subordinate Offices and Autonomous/Statutory Bodies to publish their tender enquiries, corrigenda thereon and details of bid awards on the Central Public Procurement Portal (CPPP). Individual cases where confidentiality is required, for reasons of national security, would be exempted from the mandatory e-publishing requirement. The decision to exempt any case on the said grounds should be approved by the Secretary of the Ministry/Department with the concurrence of the concerned Financial Advisor. In the case of Autonomous Bodies and Statutory Bodies approval of the Head of the Body with the concurrence of the Head of the Finance should be obtained in each such case. Statistical information on the number of cases in which exemption was granted and the value of the concerned contract should be intimated on a Quarterly basis to the Ministry of Finance, Department of Expenditure. The above instructions apply to all Tender Enquiries, Requests for Proposals, Requests for Expressions of Interest, Notice for pre-Qualification/Registration or any other notice inviting bids or proposals in any form whether they are advertised, issued to limited number of parties or to a single party.

[4] audio/v-159b.mp3
These instructions would not apply to procurements made in terms of provisions of Rules 154 (Purchase of goods without quotations) or 155 (Purchase of goods by purchase committee) of General Financial Rules. Tender enquiry, corrigenda aur bid award details CPPP par publish karna MANDATORY hai — har ministry, attached/subordinate office, autonomous/statutory body ke liye. Limited ya single party ko bhi jaane wale notices par bhi lagu. Rules 154/155 ki purchases par lagu nahi. 159(i). Mandatory for all Ministries/Departments of the Central Government, their attached and Subordinate Offices and Autonomous/Statutory Bodies to publish their tender enquiries, corrigenda thereon and details of bid awards on the Central Public Procurement Portal (CPPP). Tender + corrigenda + award details — sab CPPP par.

[5] audio/v-159c.mp3
159(ii). Individual cases where confidentiality is required, for reasons of national security, would be exempted … approved by the Secretary of the Ministry/Department with the concurrence of the concerned Financial Advisor. In the case of Autonomous Bodies and Statutory Bodies, approval of the Head of the Body with the concurrence of the Head of the Finance should be obtained in each such case. Statistical information on the number of cases in which exemption was granted and the value of the concerned contract should be intimated on a Quarterly basis to DoE. National security exemption — Secretary + FA concurrence; Autonomous/Statutory bodies — Head + Head of Finance; har quarter DoE ko statistics bhejni hai. 159(iii). The above instructions apply to all Tender Enquiries, Requests for Proposals, Requests for Expressions of Interest, Notice for pre-Qualification/Registration or any other notice inviting bids or proposals in any form whether they are advertised, issued to limited number of parties or to a single party. RFP, REOI, pre-qualification notices — sab par lagu, chahe advertised ho ya single party ko. 159(iv). [Deleted] Sub-rule (iv) delete ho chuka hai.

[6] audio/v-159d.mp3
159(v). These instructions would not apply to procurements made in terms of provisions of Rules 154 (Purchase of goods without quotations) or 155 (Purchase of goods by purchase committee) of General Financial Rules. Rule 154/155 ki purchases CPPP publishing se bahar hain. Exception. National-security confidentiality cases — exempt with Secretary + Financial Adviser concurrence (Head of Body + Head of Finance for autonomous/statutory bodies), plus quarterly statistical intimation to DoE. Exception. Rules 154 and 155 procurements are exempt from e-publishing. Amendment footnote. Sub-rule (iv) deleted vide DoE OM No. F.1/26/2018-PPD dated 02.04.2019.

[7] audio/v-160.mp3
Rule 160. E-Procurement. It is mandatory for Ministries/Departments to receive all bids through e-procurement portals in respect of all procurements. Ministries/Departments which do not have a large volume of procurement or carry out procurements required only for day-to-day running of offices and also have not initiated e-procurement through any other solution provided so far, may use e-procurement solution developed by NIC. Other Ministries/Departments may either use e-procurement solution developed by NIC or engage any other service provider following due process. In individual case where national security and strategic considerations demands confidentiality, Ministries/Departments may exempt such cases from e-procurement after seeking approval of concerned Secretary and with concurrence of Financial Advisers. In case of tenders floated by Indian Missions Abroad, Competent Authority to decide the tender, may exempt such case from e-procurement. Saare bids e-procurement portal par lena MANDATORY. Chhote volume wali departments NIC ka solution use kar sakti hain; baaki NIC ya kisi doosre service provider ko due process se engage kar sakti hain. 160(i). It is mandatory for Ministries/Departments to receive all bids through e-procurement portals in respect of all procurements. Sab bids portal par.

[8] audio/v-160b.mp3
160(ii). Ministries/Departments which do not have a large volume of procurement or carry out procurements required only for day-to-day running of offices and also have not initiated e-procurement through any other solution provided so far, may use e-procurement solution developed by NIC. Other Ministries/Departments may either use e-procurement solution developed by NIC or engage any other service provider following due process. NIC solution ya due process se koi doosra provider. 160(iii). [Deleted] Sub-rule (iii) delete ho chuka hai. 160(iv). In individual case where national security and strategic considerations demands confidentiality, Ministries/Departments may exempt such cases from e-procurement after seeking approval of concerned Secretary and with concurrence of Financial Advisers. National security / strategic — Secretary approval + FA concurrence. 160(v). In case of tenders floated by Indian Missions Abroad, Competent Authority to decide the tender, may exempt such case from e-procurement. Indian Missions Abroad ke tenders — competent authority exempt kar sakta hai. Exception. National security and strategic considerations — Secretary approval with Financial Adviser concurrence. Exception. Tenders floated by Indian Missions Abroad — competent authority may exempt. Amendment footnote. Sub-rule (iii) deleted vide DoE OM No. F.1/26/2018-PPD dated 02.04.2019.

[9] audio/v-161.mp3
Rule 161. Advertised Tender Enquiry. Subject to exceptions incorporated under Rule 154, 155, 162 and 166, invitation to tenders by advertisement should be used for procurement of goods of estimated value of rupees 50 lakhs (Rupees Fifty Lakh) and above. Advertisement in such cases should be given on GeM as well as on GeM-Central Public Procurement Portal (CPPP). An organisation having its own website should also publish all its advertised tender enquiries on the website. The organisation should also post the complete bidding document in its website and on CPPP to enable prospective bidders to make use of the document by downloading from the web site. The advertisements for invitation of tenders should give the complete web address from where the bidding documents can be downloaded. In order to promote wider participation and ease of bidding, no cost of tender document may be charged for the tender documents downloaded by the bidders. Ordinarily, the minimum time to be allowed for submission of bids should be three weeks from the date of publication of the tender notice or availability of the bidding document for sale, whichever is later. Where the Department also contemplates obtaining bids from abroad, the minimum period should be kept as four weeks for both domestic and foreign bidders.

[10] audio/v-161b.mp3
rupees 50 lakh aur upar ke goods ke liye advertised tender. Advertisement GeM + GeM-CPP par, apni website par bhi. Tender document free download. Minimum 3 hafte (foreign bidders bhi chahiye to 4 hafte). 161(i). Invitation to tenders by advertisement should be used for procurement of goods of estimated value of rupees 50 lakhs and above. Advertisement should be given on GeM as well as on GeM-Central Public Procurement Portal (CPPP). An organisation having its own website should also publish all its advertised tender enquiries on the website. rupees 50 lakh+ → advertised tender; GeM + GeM-CPP + own website. 161(ii). The organisation should also post the complete bidding document in its website and on CPPP to enable prospective bidders to make use of the document by downloading from the web site. Poora bidding document website aur CPPP par. 161(iii). The advertisements for invitation of tenders should give the complete web address from where the bidding documents can be downloaded. Advertisement mein download ka pura web address ho.
