BATCH 7 (clips 61-70) — generate next turn with voice-00, file paths as listed.
Order matches the player's greedy segment order exactly.

[1] audio/v-170.mp3
Rule 170. Bid Security. To safeguard against a bidder’s withdrawing or altering its bid during the bid validity period in the case of advertised or limited tender enquiry, Bid Security (also known as Earnest Money) is to be obtained from the bidders except Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) as defined in MSE Procurement Policy issued by Department of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) or are registered with the Central Purchase Organisation or the concerned Ministry or Department or Startups as recognized by Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT). The bidders should be asked to furnish bid security along with their bids. Amount of bid security should ordinarily range between two percent to five percent of the estimated value of the goods to be procured. The amount of bid security should be determined accordingly by the Ministry or Department and indicated in the bidding documents. The bid security may be accepted in the form of Insurance Surety Bonds, Account Payee Demand Draft, Fixed Deposit Receipt, Banker’s Cheque or Bank Guarantee including e-Bank Guarantee from any of the Commercial Banks or payment online in an acceptable form, safeguarding the purchaser’s interest in all respects. The bid security is normally to remain valid for a period of forty-five days beyond the final bid validity period.

[2] audio/v-170b.mp3
Bid securities of the unsuccessful bidders should be returned to them at the earliest after expiry of the final bid validity and latest on or before the 30th day after the award of the contract. However, in case of two packet or two stage bidding, Bid securities of unsuccessful bidders during first stage i.e. technical evaluation etc. should be returned within 30 days of declaration of result of first stage i.e. technical evaluation etc. In place of a Bid security, the Ministries/Departments may require Bidders to sign a Bid securing declaration accepting that if they withdraw or modify their Bids during the period of validity, or if they are awarded the contract and they fail to sign the contract, or to submit a performance security before the deadline defined in the request for bids document, they will be suspended for the period of time specified in the request for bids document from being eligible to submit Bids for contracts with the entity that invited the Bids. EMD 2–5% of estimated value. MSEs aur DPIIT-recognised Startups exempt. Valid 45 days beyond final bid validity. Unsuccessful bidders ko latest 30th day after award tak wapas. Forms: Insurance Surety Bond, APDD, FDR, Banker’s Cheque, BG/e-BG, online payment.

[3] audio/v-170c.mp3
170(i) — exemption. Bid Security is to be obtained from the bidders except Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) as defined in MSE Procurement Policy issued by MSME or are registered with the Central Purchase Organisation or the concerned Ministry or Department or Startups as recognized by DPIIT. MSEs aur DPIIT Startups — EMD se exempt. 170(i) — amount. Amount of bid security should ordinarily range between two percent to five percent of the estimated value of the goods to be procured … determined by the Ministry or Department and indicated in the bidding documents. 2%–5% estimated value; bidding document mein mention ho. 170(i) — forms. Insurance Surety Bonds, Account Payee Demand Draft, Fixed Deposit Receipt, Banker’s Cheque or Bank Guarantee including e-Bank Guarantee from any of the Commercial Banks or payment online in an acceptable form. 5 acceptable forms + online payment. 170(i) — validity. The bid security is normally to remain valid for a period of forty-five days beyond the final bid validity period. 45 din beyond final bid validity.

[4] audio/v-170d.mp3
170(ii) — refund. Bid securities of the unsuccessful bidders should be returned to them at the earliest after expiry of the final bid validity and latest on or before the 30th day after the award of the contract. However, in case of two packet or two stage bidding, Bid securities of unsuccessful bidders during first stage i.e. technical evaluation etc. should be returned within 30 days of declaration of result of first stage. Unsuccessful bidders — latest 30th day after award; two-packet/two-stage — 30 din mein first-stage result ke. 170(iii) — alternative. In place of a Bid security, the Ministries/Departments may require Bidders to sign a Bid securing declaration … they will be suspended for the period of time specified in the request for bids document from being eligible to submit Bids for contracts with the entity that invited the Bids. EMD ki jagah Bid Securing Declaration bhi le sakte hain — violation par suspension. Exception. MSEs (as defined in the MSME MSE Procurement Policy) and those registered with the Central Purchase Organisation or the concerned Ministry/Department; and DPIIT-recognised Startups — exempt from bid security. Amendment footnote. Startups exemption inserted vide DoE OM No. F.20/2/2014-PPD(Pt.) dated 25.07.2017. Amendment footnote. Insurance Surety Bonds inserted vide DoE OM No. F.1/1/2022-PPD dated 02.02.2022.

[5] audio/v-170e.mp3
Amendment footnote. e-Bank Guarantee inserted vide DoE OM No. F.1/4/2022-PPD dated 05.08.2022. Amendment footnote. Two-packet/two-stage refund proviso inserted vide DoE OM No. F.1/2/2022-PPD dated 01.04.2022.

[6] audio/v-171.mp3
Rule 171. Performance Security. To ensure due performance of the contract, Performance Security is to be obtained from the successful bidder awarded the contract. Unlike contracts of Works and Plants, in case of contracts for goods, the need for the Performance Security depends on the market conditions and commercial practice for the particular kind of goods. Performance Security, in respect of procurement only of Goods/Consultancy Services/Non Consultancy Services, should be for an amount of three to five per cent (3-5%) of the value of the contract as specified in the bid documents. Performance Security may be furnished in the form of Insurance Surety Bond, Account Payee Demand Draft, Fixed Deposit Receipt from a Commercial bank, Bank Guarantee including e-Bank Guarantee from a Commercial bank or online payment in an acceptable form safeguarding the purchaser’s interest in all respects. Performance Security should remain valid for a period of sixty days beyond the date of completion of all contractual obligations of the supplier including warranty obligations. Bid security should be refunded to the successful bidder on receipt of Performance Security. Performance security 3–5% of contract value (goods / consultancy / non-consultancy services). Valid 60 days beyond completion of ALL contractual obligations including warranty. EMD successful bidder ko PS milne par wapas.

[7] audio/v-171b.mp3
171(i). Performance Security is to be obtained from the successful bidder awarded the contract … for an amount of three to five per cent (3-5%) of the value of the contract as specified in the bid documents. Forms: Insurance Surety Bond, Account Payee Demand Draft, Fixed Deposit Receipt, Bank Guarantee including e-Bank Guarantee, or online payment. 3–5% contract value; forms wahi jaise EMD. 171(ii). Performance Security should remain valid for a period of sixty days beyond the date of completion of all contractual obligations of the supplier including warranty obligations. 60 din beyond saari obligations + warranty. 171(iii). Bid security should be refunded to the successful bidder on receipt of Performance Security. EMD refund = PS milne par. Note. Amount of performance security plus security deposit/retention money for procurement of WORKS will continue to be 3% to 10%. Exception. For goods contracts, the need for performance security depends on market conditions and commercial practice for the particular kind of goods. Exception. Works: performance security + security deposit/retention money continues at 3% to 10%. Amendment footnote. Amended vide DoE OM No. F.1/2/2023-PPD dated 01.01.2024 (3-5% for Goods/Consultancy/Non-Consultancy Services). Amendment footnote. Insurance Surety Bond inserted vide DoE OM No. F.1/1/2022-PPD dated 02.02.2022.

[8] audio/v-171c.mp3
Amendment footnote. e-Bank Guarantee inserted vide DoE OM No. F.1/4/2022-PPD dated 05.08.2022.

[9] audio/v-172-1.mp3
Rule 172(1). Advance payment to supplier. Ordinarily, payments for services rendered or supplies made should be released only after the services have been rendered or supplies made. However, it may become necessary to make advance payments for example in the following types of cases: (i) Advance payment demanded by firms holding maintenance contracts for servicing of Air-conditioners, computers, other costly equipment, etc. (ii) Advance payment demanded by firms against fabrication contracts, turn-key contracts etc. Such advance payments should not exceed the following limits: (a) Thirty per cent of the contract value to private firms; (b) Forty per cent of the contract value to a State or Central Government agency or a Public Sector Undertaking; or (c) in case of maintenance contract, the amount should not exceed the amount payable for six months under the contract. Ministries or Departments of the Central Government may relax, in consultation with their Financial Advisers concerned, the ceilings (including percentage laid down for advance payment for private firms) mentioned above. While making any advance payment as above, adequate safeguards in the form of bank guarantee etc. should be obtained from the firm.

[10] audio/v-172-1b.mp3
Ordinarily payment ke baad hi. Advance do situations mein: maintenance contracts (AC, computers, costly equipment) aur fabrication/turn-key contracts. Ceilings: 30% private firms, 40% Govt agency/PSU, maintenance contract ≤ 6 months value. Bank guarantee safeguards. 172(1)(i). Advance payment demanded by firms holding maintenance contracts for servicing of Air-conditioners, computers, other costly equipment, etc. Maintenance contract firms. 172(1)(ii). Advance payment demanded by firms against fabrication contracts, turn-key contracts etc. Fabrication / turn-key contracts. 172(1)(a). Thirty per cent of the contract value to private firms. Private firms — max 30%. 172(1)(b). Forty per cent of the contract value to a State or Central Government agency or a Public Sector Undertaking. Govt agency / PSU — max 40%. 172(1)(c). In case of maintenance contract, the amount should not exceed the amount payable for six months under the contract. Maintenance contract — 6 mahine ke amount tak. 172(1) — relaxation. Ministries or Departments may relax, in consultation with their Financial Advisers concerned, the ceilings (including percentage for private firms). While making any advance payment, adequate safeguards in the form of bank guarantee etc. should be obtained. FA se consult kar ke ceilings relax ho sakti hain; bank guarantee safeguard.
